Update allowed-values docs and explain default value (#251)
usnistgov/metaschema: website/content/specification/syntax/_index.md

Additionally, flags may be constrained to a set of known values listed in advance.

> This restriction can be either strict (values must be in the list for document validity with `allow-other="no"` attribute for an `allowed-values` element) or loose (i.e. for documentation only, no effect in schemas, with `allow-other="yes"`). If a `constraint` has an `allowed-values` element and the `allow-other` attribute is not explicitly defined, the default is `allow-other="no"`, validation is strict, and the only valid values are those in the list.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This restriction can be either:

1. strict (values must be in the list for document validity with `allow-other="no"` attribute for an `allowed-values` element) or
2. loose (i.e. for documentation only, no effect in schemas, with `allow-other="yes"`).

If an `allowed-values` constraint does not have the `allow-other` attribute defined, the default is `allow-other="no"`, resulting in strict validation where the only valid values are those in the list.
```

Reviewer: Trying to make this easier for reference by breaking it up. Thoughts?

Author: I don't like it, I love it!
